[QD-689] Updated Readme for Github App & Actions (#20)
JetBrains/Qodana: GitHub/README.md

# Qodana GitHub Action & Application

> ![official JetBrains project](https://jb.gg/badges/official-flat-square.svg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![official project](https://jb.gg/badges/official-flat-square.svg)](https://confluence.jetbrains.com/display/ALL/JetBrains+on+GitHub)
```
Let's make this a clickable link.

If there is a problem in your pull request, Qodana App will add a comment to each problematic line.
To get a deep summary, you can open the Qodana analytics results' page.

Explore the Qodana results in this [pull request](https://github.com/JetBrains/qodana-examples/pull/2/checks?check_run_id=1776577456) to the qodana-examples repository.

### How to start

1. At the moment the Qodana Github App is available to a limited number of users.

>    Contact us at [qodana-support@jetbrains.com](mailto:qodana-support@jetbrains.com) or via [our issue tracker](https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/newIssue?project=QD) if you want to get the access to the Qodana Github App analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to get the access to the Qodana Github App analysis, contact us at [qodana-support@jetbrains.com](mailto:qodana-support@jetbrains.com) or via [our issue tracker](https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/newIssue?project=QD).
```

2. Make sure you are a [public member](https://docs.github.com/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/publicizing-or-hiding-organization-membership) of the [Qodana-demo organization](https://github.com/Qodana-demo).
3. Install [Qodana Github App](https://github.com/apps/qodana/) to your repository.
4. Create a new pull request and wait for the results.

>    * The build output will be accessible within a *Checks* tab on your pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * The build output will be displayed on the *Checks* tab of your pull request.
```
